hello together today I want to show
How I sum up this flower
belongs to christmas and means
poinsettia all these balls
I need to elicit the rent for that
is the main watch I make such a
classic dark red crumb and
of course green berlin for the leaves
at first pretty much all these pearls
mess up the step now
I distance and fasten one
balls on the kick that means I take
a fair and talk turned around
until these balls alone on the burr
stays and that's how I do it
same with all these pearls
Now I have made such a part
And all these pearls have different
height and that's good then too
really everything together and then
I also connect the two wires
This is the rent that looks completely together
good
Now I'm doing the red leaves myself
decides themselves reach the leaves
But last time I collect red berries
stepped on the foot and then I look like it
This handlebar will look its best
is good for the first layer and then
I cut off the degree and now
I connect these two devices
together
next I do the first row and the
basis of the century
the leaves are playing up like that
pretty daring
and the piece from above dashing off and on
the rest really not behind
now I actually was and it was
fits because all I leafed made
I have shown these are the
same with only two rows are there
the same with almost three
rows here the base is three
centimeter and I have it in here
then around the base and then I have
four she prays are a bit
different
the basis here is with all these
3.5 centimeters but here I have 4 1 um
the ball backup and here already five
how I made such a plate show
me now